This plugin allows you to copy your Monster Hunter character to any
save slot in any language/region of the game. In other words, you can
do things like copy your character from the North American version of
Monster Hunter Freedom Unite to the Japanese version of Monster Hunter
Portable 2nd G. The only requirement is that you must have both the
game you want to copy from and the game you want to copy to.

You can report issues, get the latest version, and view the source at:
  http://github.com/svanheulen/mhsc

Bitcoin donations are accepted at: 1D8WAcF6X5Cji3aJQ5iDx3UDQqsjPJAiVF

Known Supported Games:
  Monster Hunter Portable (JP) (ULJM-05066)
  Monster Hunter Freedom (EU) (ULES-00318)
  Monster Hunter Freedom (NA) (ULUS-10084)
  Monster Hunter Portable 2nd (JP) (ULJM-05156)
  Monster Hunter Freedom 2 (EU) (ULES-00851)
  Monster Hunter Freedom 2 (NA) (ULUS-10266)
  Monster Hunter Portable 2nd G (JP) (ULJM-05500)
  Monster Hunter Freedom Unite (EU) (ULES-01213)
  Monster Hunter Freedom Unite (NA) (ULUS-10391)
  Monster Hunter Portable 3rd (JP) (ULJM-05800)

Theoretically Supported Games:
  All variants of Monster Hunter Portable
  All variants of Monster Hunter Portable 2nd
  All variants of Monster Hunter Portable 2nd G
  All (including not yet released) variants of Monster Hunter Portable 3rd

Easy Installation (disables all other game plugins):
  1. Copy the seplugins folder onto the root of your memory stick, replacing files

Manual Installation:
  1. Create a mhsc folder in your seplugins folder on your memory stick
  2. Copy mhsc.prx to this new folder
  3. Create a game.txt file in your seplugins folder, if one doesn't exist
  4. Add a line to the game.txt file that reads "ms0:/seplugins/mhsc/mhsc.prx 0"
  5. Use your custom firmware's recovery menu to enable/disable the plugin

Usage:
  1. Load a character you want to copy and make sure you're in the main village area
  2. Press the music/note button to bring up the display
  3. Press the square button to save a copy of your character
  4. Once the save is complete, press the circle button to return to the game
  5. Load a character to be replaced and make sure you're in the main village area
  6. Press the music/note button to bring up the display
  7. Press the cross button to load the copy you made of your character
  8. Once the load is complete, press the circle button to return to the game
     Note: Your character's appearance will not change until you go on a quest,
           enter the training area or change you equipment.
  9. Use the normal in game save function to save the changes
